=head1 VERSION HISTORY

=over 1

=item V0.51

=over 1

=item Fixed C<to_hash()> that the change to iterative tree walking had broken. Yes, there are test for it, too now.

=item Dropped the redundant address parsing/printing code in favor of L<Socket|Socket> functions.

=back

=item V0.5

B<Attention: Breaking Changes!>

=over 1

=item This version removes the global C<$errstr> variable and switches to the
same interface as L<Net::CIDR::Lookup::IPv6> that signals errors using
exceptions. So all menthods but C<new> may now die if you don't wrap them in
C<eval>or equivalent.

=item C<dump> is called more sensibly C<to_hash> now.

=back

Regular changes that shouldn't break anything:

=over 1

=item Replaced the recursive implementations of C<lookup()> and C<walk()> with
iterative ones for about a 30% speed increase.

=item Moved version history to its own POD file

=back

=item v0.41 Version bump to sync with IPv6 version

=item v0.4 Version bump for inclusion of the IPv6 version

=item v0.3.1 

=over 1

=item Replaced the simplistic list-based CIDR block splitting function with bit-fiddling for about a threefold speedup of C<add_num_range> and slightly less in C<add_range>.

=item Recursive merging-up up of blocks during C<add_*> works now. If e.g.
you had a /24 and an adjacent /25 net with the same value before, adding a new
/25 would have merged the new block with the existing /25, resulting in two
adjacent /24s with the same value because only single-level merging was
possible. Now the two will be merged to a single /23.

=item Removed some redundant tests and added new ones.

=item Removed some leftover debug code.

=item Some small fixes/improvements like stricter range checking in C<add_range>

=back

=item v0.3 First CPAN release

=back

